Don't let people fly away just yet, haha.
Yes.
No three no three no four
This time it's a draw.
Have the courage to play me another game.
Better who is afraid of who is the nephew.
Then we go in circles.
Where do I catch it?
Go away, what's wrong, Pham Hien?
This emei has no cricket.
You lost.
How does it feel to jump into a hole you dug yourself?
The King's Cricket
That is a bully
Not just big
Moreover, the back is wide and the thighs are thick.
Extremely strong fighting power
One hundred games without defeat.
What do you take?
Pham Hien, how do you carry a person?
People
Where?
This is clearly a cricket.
Are you stupid?
This is clearly a personal error.
Big mistake.
Add wrong
This is clearly a cricket.
Sit down.
Your Highness, you do not sing this song.
Must be music.
This is fallacy.
Is this your place to talk?
Your Highness, you wouldn't dare compare, would you?
Better than good is having you on hand.